The truth is that
only two missing children.
decades apart
from the same home.
is seen in the British
care system
as a resounding success.
I want to ask you
if anything weird happens here.
Like what?
You need to consider
why Sophia Craven
might want to kill one of
Victoria Burkeman's parents.
It's her way of talking.
and we have just
not been listening.
I'd like to play
the shopping game.
Today. I went to the shop.
and I bought an egg.
some bacon.
a silencer.
and a tea set.
There were lots of parties.
She did it
on purpose.
What we do.
it's a tale as old as time.
It's fathers and daughters.
Daughters and fathers.
I'm giving you
time to prepare.
How can I talk to Victoria?
If you want to call her out.
you have to say
her name with purpose.
As if. in a way...
Victoria!
...you love her.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ melancholy music playing
How are you feeling?
Did you get much sleep
last night?
I hear it can be hard
to sleep at this stage.
Piers was saying you're
going to have
the baby at home.
Do you feel it moving?
Oh!
Do you know
how lucky you are?
What I would give
to have a baby like you.
To be desired
like you.
You're all
so ungrateful.
I'd have been
a wonderful mother.
♪ melancholic music playing
"My love for you
is as endless as the sea."
I never knew what
the hell that meant.
And then there was you.
If I hadn't let myself
be mothered
by a woman who
wasn't my mother.
and gone to her funeral
out of love.
I would never have known
you were here.
And I wouldn't have
had this moment.
Love brought me here.
It's not safe to be born.
To have a mummy.
or a daddy.
Better to die.
It's not safe
to be loved by me.
because while I've loathed
my wretched little life.
I have loved
being your mummy.
I wish we'd had more time.
But we don't.
They took you away.
and I can't
bring you back.
But I can end it here.
To kill a weed.
we must rip it out.
Right at the source.
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ It will fall
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
♪ Hush. little baby
♪ Don't you weep
Last sighting was
across the bridge?
Yes. ma'am.
All right. I'm gonna
need a team
stationed at her office.
as we...
- It's OK.
- What are you doing?
Jeanette.
I can't let you in.
What?
Verity knows.
She knows you're
sleeping together.
Jeanette. everyone knows.
They do?
Yeah. Yeah.
Fine.
OK.
Then we go back
to the station.
and me and you
work as hard as we can
until I am physically torn
from that building.
- Jeanette. I can't...
- Mike...
have I ever asked you
to look the other way?
Mike. have I asked you
to falsify reports.
or take a bribe?
Have I ever done that?
- Have I ever done that?
- No. you haven't. You haven't.
No. I've never ever
done that. have I?
So. me and you. we're gonna
go back to the station.
and we're gonna
solve this.
Me and you.
You stick with me.
You...
Can you stick with me?
Please. just stay with me.
Please.
♪ melancholic music playing
♪ suspenseful music playing
♪ ominous music playing
Well. well. look
what the cat dragged in.
Do you have a brass neck?
Nice picture
of your missus.
One for the wank bank.
May I remind you all
that not only am I still
the senior investigating officer
in charge of this case.
but I am ten times the officer
that you will ever be.
That's why I'm a DCI.
The only person
I answer to in this place
is Superintendent Pound.
I don't answer to you.
I certainly don't
answer to you.
But every single one of you
has to answer to me.
So. unless you wanna
pull together
to bring Victoria Burkeman
into custody.
you can just
all piss off home.
And I will have all of you.
and I mean fucking all of you
put on the book.
Clear?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Yeah.
- Clear?
- Ma'am.
- Yes. ma'am.
Victoria Burkeman.
We've not been
able to find Victoria
because we've been looking
in the wrong place.
Victoria has a condition
called D.I.D.
Dissociative Identity Disorder.
And as part
of that condition.
has created an "Apparently
Normal Personality"
called Sophia Craven.
Not an alias.
As far as we know.
Sophia Craven...
does not know that
she is Victoria Burkeman.
Victoria is almost certainly
responsible for the deaths
of Ben Burkeman.
Carl Lowry.
Vincent Dwyer...
But not Bethan Pryce.
We have no reason
to believe
that we were ever meant
to find Bethan's body.
Do you still think
Victoria put her there?
Yes. Yes. I do.
But I don't yet know
how or why.
We don't have any proof.
Rachel Fisher.
her body was discovered
amongst the victims
of the fights.
She was abused
while under the care
of Ledford House
Children's Home.
And it's possible that she
attended those parties
described by Eleanor Lowry.
♪ pensive music playing
To find Victoria.
we need to understand
Sophia Craven.
And I mean all of it.
The flat. business.
the haunts.
where she buys milk.
The people in her life.
♪ suspenseful music playing
♪ upbeat music playing
♪ tense music playing
♪ uneasy music playing
♪ music intensifies
Ma'am. both Dr Craven's
flat and offices.
they're owned by
the same shell company.
Stanton Pike Holdings.
OK. excellent.
Thank you.
Mike. look it up.
The real Dr Craven
said that sometimes
an abuser can
benefit from D.I.D.
It can help them
control their victims.
so it's very possible that they
placed Victoria's alter Sophia
in that flat and office
intentionally.
Stanton Pike also own
the Royal Hotel.
Where Daniel Rexha
and Jamal Ismael were living.
Looks like over the years
they've bought up
a load of hotels
all over the Bristol area.
And they've been
given contracts
to house asylum seekers.
Every single one
of those boys
in those fights
and in that freezer
has come from
one of these places.
Who owns it?
It's run by a...
a Hal Stanton.
But he's been out
in Dubai since 2018.
so unlikely to be
her next port of call.
Ma'am. Stanton Pike
was sued in 2017
for breaching
anti-trust laws.
They were represented in court
by Asquith. Wood and Brown.
OK. OK.
that's the same firm
that represented Peter Drake.
OK. so there's
a Magnus Brown.
He's one of the founding
members of the company.
Do we know that name?
Look at this photo again.
This is Magnus Brown.
With Ben Burkeman.
Julian Carter.
and Bertram Lowry.
All at Oxford together.
Catherine Brown.
I know that face.
She's clean.
Who is she?
Mm. sister? Wife?
According to
the marital records.
he's never been married.
Sister. then.
Maybe if we...
Yes. here's a marriage
announcement
between Catherine
and a Piers Stirling.
Here. look.
Oh. my God. I met her.
I had... When I had
that meeting with Piers.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. so Piers Stirling
runs Ledford House.
and he has access
to all those children.
Bethan. and Rachel.
He has access
to all those children.
Jeanette.
- Come with me.
- No.
No. we're on
to something here. no.
Detective. you have
been having sex
with the woman at the very
heart of your investigation.
A woman that the entire
country is looking for.
and you have been
fucking her in her flat.
while Mary Burkeman
was being held captive
in the very next room.
None of us knew.
None of us were
fucking her. except you.
- I'm sorry.
- No.
Officers will be
with you in the morning
to bring you in
for questioning.
Go home.
Mike?
Ma'am.
♪ pensive music playing
Thanks. mate.
Oh. my...
- Hey. lass!
Victoria.
Darling!
Well. it's been
an age. hasn't it?
I wondered
if you might come.
Oh. forgive me
being dressed like this.
We're having
a pool party.
Ah!
Why don't we have
a little catch-up.
like we used to? Hmm?
The others can wait.
Everyone. could you take this
to the pool. please?
All right.
Close the door
on your way out.
Why am I still alive?
Oh. Lots of reasons.
But it is
a prudent question.
There's a world in which
you might not be.
But you've
proven yourself to be
rather useful.
Or. rather. Sophia's clinical
insight was always useful.
Now...
before you
say your piece.
I would like to ask
you a question.
What makes you think
you're here
of your own free will?
Because. Dr Craven...
I'm grieving.
There's a bit
of me in here.
That bit hasn't
stopped screaming.
I didn't lose anybody.
But you did.
Didn't you?
Mm.
Indulge me.
How do you feel
about playing
one last shopping game?
Today. I went to the shop.
and I bought some eggs.
Today I went to the shop.
and some bacon.
and I bought some eggs.
some bacon.
and a silencer.
Today I went to the shop.
and I bought
some eggs. bacon.
a silencer.
and a tea set.
Today I went to the shop.
and I bought some eggs.
some bacon.
a silencer.
a tea set. and...
Today...
Silencer.
Tea set.
Sophia?
No.
♪ dramatic music playing
I wanted to make sure
you were all right.
All right?
No. I'm not all right.
I'm not bloody all right.
How the fuck am I meant
to be all right?
Am I? Fuck!
- Jeanette. stop it.
- No!
I can't! I can't!
Am I all right?
You are going
to be OK.
How can you say that?
How can...
Verity. nothing is OK.
I need you
to get a fucking grip.
You cannot
just fall apart.
There is nothing.
Just...
There is nothing
to stay together for.
Joe? Alex? Your home?
It's all gone. Verity.
it's all gone. it's all broke.
Yeah. I figured that.
But you have to take ownership
of what's happened.
I had an affair at work.
I had an affair.
Men do it
all the fucking time.
I didn't know
who she was!
She doesn't know
who she fucking is!
And you're punishing me?
It's not fucking fair.
is it?
Christ. you're
so fucking selfish.
There.
Head up your arse.
storming around
with your coffee.
and you fucked up.
And instead of owning it.
and stepping back graciously.
you've decided to go
kicking and screaming.
It reflects badly
on everyone.
Mike. the unit. me.
But no.
Make way for
Jeanette "The Maverick" Kilburn.
Jeanette's way or the highway
and everyone else is collateral.
Your family included.
Do you know this might
actually be good for you.
as a person?
You're not your job.
It doesn't define you.
Or you shouldn't let it.
You have to understand
you need to be
a functioning human being.
even though you're
not an officer anymore.
Yes?
Yeah. I'll call you when
you've calmed down.
I was just checking in.
♪ suspenseful music playing
Yeah.
Right.
- Ma'am?
- Where are we?
OK. Stanton Pike own
nine country houses
in their property portfolio.
One of these red tabs
must belong to Piers Stirling.
We eliminated
all the houses
which are more than
an hour's drive
from the Lowry family home.
which is here.
And we've just found
David White's car abandoned.
It looks like he was heading
south out of the city.
So. we can eliminate
everything north. yeah?
It's gotta be that one.
It's closest
to the Stirling's offices.
Mapleforth Lodge.
Does it have
a swimming pool?
Eleanor Lowry
was very specific.
Yeah. It does.
OK. Good.
I need a full ARV team.
The lot.
We don't know
what we're going to find.
Right.
Let's go. everyone.
♪ thrilling music playing
All in. guv'.
Move down to the house.
I'll clear your entry.
All right. on me.
Go. go. go.
♪ suspenseful music playing
Oh. fuck!
Fuck.
♪ tense music playing
Ow. Shit.
Shit! Shit! Shit!
Shut up!
- Mike!
- Jeanette. we're here.
We're at the estate.
I've only just
got your picture.
What are you doing?
Where are you?
Inside.
Someone's here.
Is it Victoria?
I don't know.
Someone's shut off
the lights. Hurry.
OK. Stay calm.
We're surrounding
the back of the property
with a full-armed
response.
- We're about to...
- ♪ tense music playing
Jeanette?
What's going on?
Jeanette? Jeanette!
What is it?
We need to move now.
Jeanette's in there.
Something's happening.
She's in danger.
Threat confirmed.
Armed response authorised.
Enter the property.
- Out! Out! Armed police. out!
- Armed police!
- Stay in the house!
- Move. move!
Armed police!
- Show us your hands!
- Stay still!
We're at the wrong house.
She said
there was no power.
The wrong house! Fuck!
Get them back in the vans.
We're in the wrong place.
Mike!
♪ suspenseful music playing
♪ music turns ominous ♪
Hi.
I know you.
It's Lily. isn't it?
You showed me
around Ledford House.
Do you remember?
Can we come out now?
"We"?
You've been
hiding. darlings?
They put us in the rooms
and told us to get ready.
The man said we could have
a drink while I waited. but...
I didn't want mine though.
so I left it.
Good. That's good.
It's...
It's OK. it's OK.
Any of you had a drink?
No?
No? Thank God.
That's what
the woman said.
What woman?
The blonde lady.
She came and got us out
and brought us here.
She said she'd come and get us
when it was all over.
When what was all over?
OK. listen to me.
You need to tell me
exactly what happened.
And what did
the woman do?
I was in the bedroom.
Then the music got loud.
Then the woman came in.
She asked me
if I was hurt.
Then she left me here.
She brought us all in
one by one.
She said she'd
be back for us.
Come here.
Now listen to me.
OK. What I need
you to do.
I need everyone
to stay in here.
I want you to stay as quiet
as you can possibly be.
Just wait. and I will be
back for you. I promise.
♪ tense music playing
♪ dramatic music playing
...
Sophia! Sophia!
Sophia. stop.
That's not my name.
I need to speak
to Sophia.
Doesn't work like that.
How... how does
it work. then?
- How does it work?
- No.
I won't hurt you.
I know. Hey!
Hey. hey!
You don't get to go.
You called me here
for fuck's sake.
Yes. so when it's done.
you can be the one to help.
What the fuck
does that mean?
Will you just...
Would you just
talk normally?
I've talked.
I've talked and talked
to the police.
To the teachers.
authorities. everyone.
Talking doesn't work.
I delivered you
all those boys.
and you weren't
listening.
Well. I'm here now.
You're kidding me?
You're just gonna
walk away like...
You made me believe that
Sophia was a real person.
I never
fucked a woman.
I've never cheated
on my husband.
I've never lied.
I've never lost
my head like this.
my fucking head like this!
You made me do this!
None of it
happened to you.
You've never had
to exist the way I do.
Oh. you don't understand why
these people have to die.
No one destroyed
your life. Jeanette.
No one obliterated the person
you could have become.
You did it to yourself.
You made me think
she was in love with me.
We're both
in love with you.
This is bigger than you.
Don't please. Please.
♪ melancholic music playing
What are you doing?
Huh? What are you doing?
Bethan. Martin.
Madeleine.
You're the only one
who stayed.
Victoria...
No!
No! No. no! No. no. no. no.
Victoria. please! No!
- She can't hear you.
- Shut up!
Just look at her.
OK. No. no. no.
no. no. no.
Look at me.
Listen to me. please.
Listen to me... Listen.
You can't...
You can't do this. OK?
Please. Victoria.
Please. please. please.
We have a justice system
for a reason. OK?
It's just not been
listening to you.
and it never ever
will listen to you
if there is nobody left
to stand trial for any of this.
Please! Please!
I want you to stop.
Please.
Stop.
I want you to stop.
OK.
OK. OK.
Fuck!
Ah. There you are.
Don't talk to her!
Why am I still alive?
'Cause. you're
my favourite. silly rabbit.
My Catherine was always
jealous of you.
So canny. So clever.
More headstrong
than the others.
My best girl.
I could have
kept you safe here.
all to myself.
No monsters
under the bed.
Just us.
It's not over yet.
There's still time.
I still think about you.
Shut up.
Oh. darling.
It's the natural order.
Shut the fuck up.
There's no use fighting it.
For all the hoping
and wishing
that it shouldn't have
happened to you.
Little boys
are made to fight.
And little girls
are made to fuck.
You might
resist that order.
but that was your destiny.
Just like it was
Madeleine's destiny.
It was like
having you back again.
Oh. no! Oh. no!
No! Oh. no. no!
Shit!
Your leg!
Just stay still.
don't move.
No. no. no.
Don't leave me.
Go.
I'm sorry.
♪ melancholic music playing
It's not often in
life we can feel a page turn.
An old chapter ending
and a new one beginning.
Where you can see
your world shifting.
Feel your heart breaking.
Sometimes I think about
where she might be.
Sometimes. I don't
think of her at all.
Sometimes I close my eyes.
and she's right there.
They both are.
But I love them.
Both of them.
My love for them was
as endless as the sea.
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ On the tree top
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ It will rock
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org